play(): Wrapper function for playing the Mastermind game
    Accepts player inputs and returns game based fedback

listToInt(list): Changes a list of integers to an integer.
    Accepts list and returns integer.
intToList(num): Changes a number to a list of integers.
    Accepts integer and returns list.
firstPosMatch(code,guessItem, length): Find the first position of a white match.
    Accepts the code, guess, and length of code and returns the first position of a particular digit match.
inStrToInt(prompt): Only accept integers for input and change the strings to integers.
    Accepts integers as strings and returns integers.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

codeBreak(): Wrapper function for solving Mastermind puzzles.
    Accepts a code fromt the user and returns the algorithms steps to solve it.

get_possible_feedback(holes): Provides a range of feedback to compare to.
    Accepts the length of the code and returns all possible feedback.
generate_initial_pool(choices, holes): Generates the initial set of possible answers.
    Accepts the range of code values and positions to create a list of all possible codes.
find_correct(actual, guess): Finds the sum of all correct (numAndSpot/Red) matches.
    Compares a possibility to a guess to match all correct matches.
remove_correct(actual, guess): Removes all correct matches from two "rows".
    Accepts possibility and guess to remove correct matches.
find_close(actual, guess): Finds the sum of all close (justSpot/White) matches.
    Accepts possibility and guess to remove close matches.
get_feedback(actual, guess): Compares two "rows" to each other and returns feedback.
    Accepts possibility and guess and compares correct and close.
add_feedback(actual,guess): Turns feedback into strings.
    Accepts possibility and guess and turns the correct and close feedback to strings.
filter_feedback(pool, guess,): Compares feedback to others others in the pool.
    Accepts pool and guess to compare the. guess feedback to the pool.
is_match(guess, feedback, possible): Returns true if hypothetical could be the answer given the feedback and the guess.
    Accepts guess, feedback string, and possibility to see if the guess is the correct code.
filter_pool(pool, guess, feedback): Filters through the pool of possibilities and removes ones which couldn't possibly be the answer
    Accepts pool, guess, and feedback string and removes possibilites that don't match feedback.
make_guess(pool, orgpool): Makes an educated guess between the pool of possibilities and feedback.
    Accepts current, filtered pool and original to guess which possibility should be the next guess. 
