play(): Accepts player inputs and returns game based fedback.
    Wrapper function for playing the Mastermind game.

listToInt(list): Accepts list and returns integer.
    Changes a list of integers to an integer.

intToList(num): Accepts integer and returns list.
    Changes a number to a list of integers.

firstPosMatch(code,guessItem, length):  Accepts the code, guess, and length of code and returns the first position of a particular digit match.
    Find the first position of a white match.

inStrToInt(prompt): Accepts integers as strings and returns integers.
    Only accept integers for input and change the strings to integers.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

codeBreak(): Accepts a code fromt the user and returns the algorithms steps to solve it.
    Wrapper function for solving Mastermind puzzles.

get_possible_feedback(holes): Accepts the length of the code and returns all possible feedback.
    Provides a range of feedback to compare to.

generate_initial_pool(choices, holes): Accepts the range of code values and positions to create a list of all possible codes.
    Generates the initial set of possible answers.
    
find_correct(actual, guess): Compares a possibility to a guess to match all correct matches.
    Finds the sum of all correct (numAndSpot/Red) matches.
    
remove_correct(actual, guess): Accepts possibility and guess to remove correct matches.
    Removes all correct matches from two "rows".
    
find_close(actual, guess): Accepts possibility and guess to remove close matches.
    Finds the sum of all close (justSpot/White) matches.

get_feedback(actual, guess): Accepts possibility and guess and compares correct and close.
    Compares two "rows" to each other and returns feedback.

add_feedback(actual,guess): Accepts possibility and guess and turns the correct and close feedback to strings.
    Turns feedback into strings.

filter_feedback(pool, guess,): Accepts pool and guess to compare the. guess feedback to the pool.
    Compares feedback to others others in the pool.

is_match(guess, feedback, possible): Accepts guess, feedback string, and possibility to see if the guess is the correct code.
    Returns true if hypothetical could be the answer given the feedback and the guess.

filter_pool(pool, guess, feedback): Accepts pool, guess, and feedback string and removes possibilites that don't match feedback.
    Filters through the pool of possibilities and removes ones which couldn't possibly be the answer.
    
make_guess(pool, orgpool): Accepts current, filtered pool and original to guess which possibility should be the next guess. 
    Makes an educated guess between the pool of possibilities and feedback.

